{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 AmericanTypewriter-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset77 Palatino-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;
\f3\froman\fcharset77 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11904\paperh16836\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11200\viewh12800\viewkind0
\deftab1134
\pard\pardeftab1134\fi-720\ri-614\sb240\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Memetic Artifacts\
\pard\pardeftab1134\fi397\ri-614\qj

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 [NOTE: Really not sure if this is a good idea, just random thoughts for now.]\
\
[Maybe Craft (Memesis) should also be useable to create "implantable ideas" to modify others' Intimacies, add to Social combat & mental influence etc.?]\
\
Ideas can be inspiring to an individual, or can shape a nation.  Eris has given her children access to a new exotic Crafting skill, Memesis, which allows them to enhance their traits by drawing on inspiration from their beliefs.  The things it creates have no physical reality, but live in the minds and hearts of their owners.  Celestial Exalted of other types may learn Craft (Memesis).\
A memetic artifact (meme) is \'d2constructed\'d3 through meditation, and sublimation of the exotic ingredients.  These artifacts are rated 1\'d03 dots, and each dot is tied to an Intimacy.  The bonuses it adds must be \'d2inspired by\'d3 and thematic with that Intimacy.  If any of the related Intimacies are suppressed or lost, the meme remains (with motes uncommitted) but cannot be used until a suitably resonant new Intimacy is gained.\
The character may also choose to uncommit motes for a time, in order to spend them on something else.  However, for as long as the motes remain committed, the relevant Intimacies are protected, adding the meme\'d5s rating in dots to the character\'d5s Conviction rating, for the purpose of eroding or giving up that intimacy.  [Maybe it should have bonuses on other rolls for removing them
\f2 \uc0\u8213 
\f1 need to check rules.]  The commitment cost is 2 motes per dot of artifact rating.  [Maybe 1 per dot, to match what I\'d5ve read on Exalted forums re Demon Ink Tattoos.]\
These artifacts can be given to others, but only if they share very similar Intimacies.  Alternatively, the original may be taken as a set of complete plans, if another crafter wants to duplicate an existing memetic artifact.  These plans can never be fully expressed in symbolic form, however, so the owner of the original artifact must be present and join in the meditation, at least one day in seven, for the duration of the extended Craft roll.\
The benefits of these memes are as follows.  A one-dot meme adds one dot to an Ability, and two specialties.  A two-dot meme also adds one dot to an Attribute, or two dots to Abilities.  A three-dot meme further adds one dot to an Attribute, one to a Virtue, and one to an Ability.  These dots count towards all calculated values, including the caps for dice added by Charms, but they do not allow the character to learn Charms for which they would not otherwise meet the minimums.  Virtues are capped at 5, unless this is modified by some other effect.  Instead of the benefit of an increased Virtue, the character may choose to have one extra Intimacy, which is protected in the same way as the Intimacies to which the meme is tied.  Unattuning the artifact temporarily removes this extra Intimacy.\
Lastly, to use her bonus dots in a way which directly opposes an Intimacy, the character must 
\f3\i fail
\f1\i0  a roll of a number of dice equal to the number of dots invested in that Intimacy.  Success means that the dots are unavailable for that action.\
Sample memes are given below.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\fi-864\ri-614\sb240\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs23 \cf0 Affection for [Friend] (\'a5)\
\pard\pardeftab1134\fi397\ri-614\qj

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Socialize + 1; Presence (Calming Reassurance +1), Investigation (Understanding Fears + 1) \
\pard\pardeftab1134\fi-864\ri-614\sb240\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs23 \cf0 Loyalty to [Kingdom] (\'a5\'a5)\
\pard\pardeftab1134\fi397\ri-614\qj

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 War + 1, Integrity + 2; Bureaucracy (Negotiation + 2)\
\pard\pardeftab1134\fi-864\ri-614\sb240\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs23 \cf0 Oppose the Immaculate Order (\'a5\'a5\'a5)\
\pard\pardeftab1134\fi397\ri-614\qj

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Dexterity + 1, Charisma + 1; Martial Arts + 1, Dodge + 1; Performance (Persuasive Oratory + 1), Lore (Immaculate Order + 1); Compassion + 1\
}