{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f36\fnil\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}AmericanTypewriter-Bold;}{\f37\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Palatino-Roman;}{\f38\fnil\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}LucidaGrande;}
{\f39\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Palatino-Italic;}{\f75\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f76\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f78\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f79\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f80\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f81\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f82\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f83\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid15874671\rsid16403643}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6864;}{\info{\title Memetic Artifacts}{\operator pc}{\creatim\yr2010\mo8\dy22\hr23\min15}{\revtim\yr2010\mo8\dy22\hr23\min15}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords644}{\nofchars3672}{\nofcharsws4308}
{\vern16393}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl }\paperw11904\paperh16836\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \deftab1134\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\grfdocevents0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\horzdoc\dghspace120
\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale90\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot15874671 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li0\ri-614\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-614\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f36\insrsid16403643 Memetic Artifacts

\par }\pard \qj \fi397\li0\ri-614\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-614\lin0\itap0 {\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643 [NOTE: Really not sure if this is a good idea, just random thoughts for now.]
\par 
\par [Maybe Craft (Memesis) should also be useable to create "implantable ideas" to modify others' Intimacies, add to Social combat & mental influence etc.?]
\par }{\i\f37\fs20\insrsid15874671\charrsid15874671 //This could be covered by either linguists or socialize.  Non-physical artifacts are a cool idea and there suggestions of such ready (mostly odd first age stuff). Generally I'm very much again
st adding new crafts. If It was possibly then it Is more then likely done by first age solars unless the mechanism for it to work was only recently introduced to creation. //  
\par }{\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643 
\par Ideas can be inspiring to an individual, or can shape a nation.  Eris has given her children access to a new exotic Crafting skill, Memesis, which allows them to enhance their traits by drawing on inspiration from their beliefs.  The things it creates hav
e no physical reality, but live in the minds and hearts of their owners.  Celestial Exalted of other types may learn Craft (Memesis).
\par A memetic artifact (meme) is \'d2constructed\'d3 through meditation, and sublimation of the exotic ingredients.  These artifacts are rated 1\endash 3 dots, and each dot is tied to an Intimacy.  The bonuses it adds must be \'d2inspired by\'d3
 and thematic with that Intimacy.  If any of the related Intimacies are suppressed or lost, the meme remains (with motes uncommitted) but cannot be used until a suitably resonant new Intimacy is gained.
\par The character may also choose to uncommit motes for a time, in order to spend them on something else.  However, for as long as the motes remain committed, the relevant Intimacies are protected, adding the meme\rquote s rating in dots to the character
\rquote s Conviction rating, for the purpose of eroding or giving up that intimacy.  [Maybe it should have bonuses on other rolls for removing them}{\f38\fs20\insrsid16403643 \u8213\'3f}{\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643 
need to check rules.]  The commitment cost is 2 motes per dot of artifact rating.  [Maybe 1 per dot, to match what I\rquote ve read on Exalted forums re Demon Ink Tattoos.]}{\f37\fs20\insrsid15874671  }{\i\f37\fs20\insrsid15874671\charrsid15874671 
[This doesn't need to hard coded and it's reduces flexibility]}{\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643 
\par These artifacts can be given to others, but only if they share very similar Intimacies.  Alternatively, the original may be taken as a set of complete plans, if another crafter wants to duplicate an existing memetic artifact.  }{
\b\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643\charrsid15874671 These plans can never be fully expressed in symbolic form}{\b\f37\fs20\insrsid15874671  }{\b\i\f37\fs20\insrsid15874671\charrsid15874671 [why not?]}{\b\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643\charrsid15874671 ,}{
\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643  however, so the owner of the original artifact must be present and join in the meditation, at least one day in seven, for the duration of the extended Craft roll.}{\f37\fs20\insrsid15874671  }{
\i\f37\fs20\insrsid15874671\charrsid15874671 [One the benefits of memes was how infectious they are, maybe instead of or along side this rules for infectious memes?]}{\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643 
\par The benefits of these memes are as follows.  A one-dot meme adds one dot to an Ability, and two specialties.  A two-dot meme also adds one dot to an Attribute, or two dots to Abilities.  A three-dot meme further adds one dot to an Attr
ibute, one to a Virtue, and one to an Ability.  These dots count towards all calculated values, including the caps for dice added by Charms, but they do not allow the character to learn Charms for which they would not otherwise meet the minimums.  Virtues
 
are capped at 5, unless this is modified by some other effect.  Instead of the benefit of an increased Virtue, the character may choose to have one extra Intimacy, which is protected in the same way as the Intimacies to which the meme is tied.  Unattuning
 the artifact temporarily removes this extra Intimacy.
\par }{\i\f37\fs20\insrsid15874671\charrsid16403643 [These rules strike me as very restrictive, and don't allow for creative use of the memes as }{\i\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643\charrsid16403643 crafted ideas or artifacts that exist in thought.  Demon Ink tattoo
s are a subsection of artifacts does this really to simply mimic there effects?]}{\i\f37\fs20\insrsid15874671\charrsid16403643 
\par }{\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643 Lastly, to use her bonus dots in a way which directly opposes an Intimacy, the character must }{\i\f39\fs20\insrsid16403643 fail}{\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643 
 a roll of a number of dice equal to the number of dots invested in that Intimacy.  Success means that the dots are unavailable for that action.
\par Sample memes are given below.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-864\li0\ri-614\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-614\lin0\itap0 {\b\f36\fs23\insrsid16403643 Affection for [Friend] (\bullet )
\par }\pard \qj \fi397\li0\ri-614\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-614\lin0\itap0 {\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643 Socialize + 1; Presence (Calming Reassurance +1), Investigation (Understanding Fears + 1) 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-864\li0\ri-614\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-614\lin0\itap0 {\b\f36\fs23\insrsid16403643 Loyalty to [Kingdom] (\bullet \bullet )
\par }\pard \qj \fi397\li0\ri-614\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-614\lin0\itap0 {\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643 War + 1, Integrity + 2; Bureaucracy (Negotiation + 2)
\par }\pard \ql \fi-864\li0\ri-614\sb240\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-614\lin0\itap0 {\b\f36\fs23\insrsid16403643 Oppose the Immaculate Order (\bullet \bullet \bullet )
\par }\pard \qj \fi397\li0\ri-614\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-614\lin0\itap0 {\f37\fs20\insrsid16403643 Dexterity + 1, Charisma + 1; Martial Arts + 1, Dodge + 1; Performance (Persuasive Oratory + 1), Lore (Immaculate Order + 1); Compassion + 1
\par }}