name: exc, (Any Lore*Excellency)
dep:

text:


name: intro, .
dep:

text: TODO

* Tree for knowing things without texts/evidence.

* Tree for educating others, voluntarily or otherwise.  Temporary effects?
  Replacing facts they already know (or is that more like Memory-Reweaving
  Discipline)?

* Tree for boosting Essence, Willpower etc.  Also for reducing/transferring
  Limit and other Great Curse effects?

* Tree for opposing the Fair Folk / Sidereals (directly, or to counter Shaping
  effects, or even to re-write existing effects)?

* Tree for boosting Numerology effects or other Shaping.

* Something like Immanent Solar Glory, but gain Essence for interfering with a
  system, rather than maintaining it?


name: hmm, Holographic Memory Modus
cost: 3m
mins: Lore 2, Ess 2
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep:

text: The Children of Chaos are not really as all-knowing as they would
sometimes like others to think, but they have surprising sources of
information.  This Charm enhances a roll involving the Lore Ability by
allowing the character to draw on the knowledge held in the environment and
society around her.  The subject of the roll must be something about the
character's physical surroundings, or something which is recorded in nearby
books, memory crystals etc., or something generally known by people nearby.
The range depends on the character's Essence rating: at Essence 2, it is 100
yards; at 3, 1 mile; at 4, 10 miles, and so on.  The information sought must
be something generally known or specifically recorded, so this Charm tends not
to be of use in, for example, investigating crime scenes.

The effect of the Charm differs depending on whether or not the subject is
something the character would reasonably be expected to know.  If not, this
Charm allows the character to make a normal Lore roll, as if it were in fact
within the character's experience.  If it is something the character might
already know, this Charm reduces the difficulty by at least 1, and possibly by
more at storyteller discretion.

The Charm may also be used to gain information applicable to a particular use
of some other Ability, e.g., the best route through a mountain range (normally
Survival) or the appropriate formalities in some court situation (normally
Socialize).  In this case, each success adds one bonus die to that subsequent
roll.  The normal limits on dice added by Charms apply.

The character does not need to speak or read any languages in which the
information is recorded, nor actually find a partcular book or person to
consult.  This means that, for example, one of the Authority can enhance her
chances of success in operating an ancient artifact simply by standing briefly
in the middle of a relevant First Age library.


name: enan, Each Name A Net
cost: 5m + 1wp
mins: Lore 5, Ess 3
type: Supplemental
key: Combo-OK
dur: Instant
dep:

text: The Priests of Discord change names almost as often as they change hats,
and most often the true name of something really doesn't matter at all.  But
there are times when it can be a distinct advantage to know with whom one is
dealing.

This Charm reveals the true name of the target, regardless of any disguises,
Shaping, Fate effects or other concealments.  It does not guarantee that the
character can pronounce or write down that name, if they do not speak the
langauge or if the creature comes from some strange source such as the Wyld.
However, they will know the name if they encounter it again.

If the target has ancestors who are anything other than extras, this Charm
will additionally reveal those on the single most powerful lineage, going back
(character's Essence) generations.


name: dlu, Dream Lotus Unfolding
cost: 5m, 1wp
mins: Lore 4, Ess 3
type: Simple
key: Combo-OK, Obvious, Shaping, Stackable, Touch
dur: One scene
dep:
ref: [Burgeoning Wyld Infliction; Lunars; 190] [Science of Mutation; Lords of
Creation; 73]

text: TODO

A roll of the character's (Lore + Essence) is compared against a difficulty of
the target's Essence.  For willing targets, add dice equal to the target's own
Essence.  If the character targets himself, the difficulty is reduced to one.

Each success provides one point of mutation which the character may inflict on
the target.  However, the mutation takes its outward appearance from the
target's own sense of self, so he or she may choose cosmetic details.
Specifically, this automatically removes the benefit of the Solars'
Destiny-Manifesting Method, though it will not overcome direct defenses like
Integrity-Protecting Prana, except when used on a willing target.  The
mutations unfold smoothly through the target's being in a matter of moments,
in a disturbing yet painless and aesthetically pleasing ripple, taking effect
at the start of the target's next action.

At Essence 4, the duration increases to (Essence) days and the Charm gains the
Training Keyword, meaning that the target can spend experience to make some or
all of the changes permanent, and may go into experience point debt to do so.
At Essence 5 the duration increases to (Essence) weeks.
